refactor(overlay): stop moving to body container & deprecate outlet (#16989)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: CHANGELOG.md

    - `IgxOverlayService.createAbsoluteOverlaySettings` - Added a new overload accepting `useContainerStrategy?: boolean` as the second parameter. When `true`, uses `ContainerPositionStrategy`; otherwise defaults to `GlobalPositionStrategy`. The previous overload accepting `outlet?: IgxOverlayOutletDirective | ElementRef` is still supported but deprecated.

- `IgxNotificationsDirective`, `IgxSnackbarComponent`, `IgxToastComponent`
    - Added a new `positioning` input property. When set to `container`, overlay content is rendered inside its nearest positioned ancestor. The deprecated `outlet` property now points users to `positioning` as its replacement.

- `IgxCombo`, `IgxSimpleCombo`
    - Introduced the `selectionChanged` event for both components. The event is not cancelable and is emitted after the selection is committed and the component state is updated.

### General

- `IgxOverlayService`

>     - **Deprecation** - The `outlet` property in `OverlaySettings`, `IgxOverlayOutletDirective`, and `igxToggleOutlet` input on `IgxToggleActionDirective` are deprecated and will be removed in a future version. They remain functional in this release for backward compatibility, but new code should rely on the default in-place / top-layer rendering behavior instead of custom outlet containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Deprecation** - The `outlet` property in `OverlaySettings`, `IgxOverlayOutletDirective`, and `igxToggleOutlet` input on `IgxToggleActionDirective` are deprecated and will be removed in a future version. As overlay service now integrates the HTML Popover API and prefers rendering content in place / in the top layer, significantly reducing the need for outlet containers, new code should rely on the default in-place / top-layer rendering behavior instead of custom outlet containers.
```
